---
GoogleKeepCreatedDate: 2026-06-05T15:49:31.282000+00:00
GoogleKeepUpdatedDate: 2026-06-12T14:17:56.156000+00:00
GoogleKeepUrl: https://keep.google.com/#NOTE/14lvsBFmha_UKQKhAodKLvA0IrlNK0D9W0zfdW-z1nFatP-6aHDSNF028SRKlww
KeepSidianLastSyncedDate: 2026-07-17T21:52:38.013Z
---
Hey, I wanna just regroup a bit before Monday so we can use our call well. I realise im feeling a little (something) and want to make  (the working expectations) are clear and still work for you 

I'm at my desk mon-fri from 10-3est  (and need updateds during that time)

For Tuesdays 10–3, I need that to function as an active work block where we can go back and forth in real time. For example, if you finish formatting the email, you send it to me, I can do my pass, send you the outstanding subject, and then you can schedule it while you’re still working. Without regular updates from you my work is held up or pushed the next day. 

Before Monday, can you please send over a that timesheet of your hours so far? My bookkeeper is waiting on that, and it will also be helpful to chat through on our call  which things are taking the most time, what’s getting stuck, and how to make the workflow smoother for both of us going forward.

common goal
this is what i really need 
just wanna make sure you feel confident in doinf that or how i can help you make that happen 




I just want to regroup before the end of the week and sure we’re on the same page with a couple things before our meeting Monday. Can you send me the timesheet so I can see what’s happening in real time? 

I’m working this time, and I need you to be available for us to be communicating in real time. Otherwise, projects are staying unfinished and just getting pushed back into my court and delayed. 

Id like for things to be handled more proactively. For example, the team email project 

I just want to make sure my expectations are clear and we both feel like we’re on the same page. If anything feels diff than what you’d originally expected for the role, please let me know so we can find a solution.